Second Report for a Student Chosen Project

Do the following:

1. In the table below, list the dates, amount of time spent, and
description of the work that you did on your project. Follow the example
that is in the first row of the table below. Include the time you spent
doing any of the following:
    a. discussing your project with your teacher, tutor, or fellow students
    b. researching by reading articles and watching applicable videos
    c. designing your project by drawing diagrams and other applicable documents
    d. writing experimental code
    d. writing code for your project
    e. writing test functions
    f. debugging your code
    g. any other activity that helped you complete your project

            Time Spent
   Date       (hours)   Description of Work
----------  ----------  -------------------------
2024-07-13      1.5     Read articles on debt repayment and designed program, set up Git repository
2024-07-15      2.5     Setup main and format functions; wrote and validated test functions for each.
2024-07-18      2.0     Read up on match/case and attempted to implement it for my menu system; it DID. NOT. WORK. Kept coming up with an "irrefutable" error as I was trying to match to values contained in a CONSTANT. Rewrote the menu as a simple if/elif block instead. All for a menu!
2024-07-20      8.0     Created main working code to add debts and calcuate both types of debt repayment schedules. Now generates a payoff date for each debt. 
2024-07-23      2.0     Wrote test logic to validate payments were level per month and found huge bug (logic); planning new version of generate schedules. Reconsidering using SQLite; may go with CSV due to time constraint (due tomorrow!)
2024-07-24      7.5     Rewrote all scheduling logic because months were only generating payments for the accelerated debts and not any others. Had to rework data structure and create new mechanism to keep track of all payments at the same time, instead of by individual debts. Had several problems with dictionaries not displaying properly that I had to resolve. Still haven't added any save to disk feature. Will have to turn this in tomorrow after completing remaining functionality (after cutting anything non-essential)

2. In Canvas, submit this completed text file, your Python program, your
Python test file, and any project data files such as .txt and .csv files and
link to video walkthrough if needed.
